# Welcome to IcoMoon Section #

This **README** covers all about this **icomoon* folder (what is it & how to use it)

# Introduction #

First of all, this section is not created by me (Kiong). Its actually a folder auto generated by [Icomoon App](https://icomoon.io/app). So, what is **Icomoon**? 

### What is Icomoon? ###

**Icomoon** is basically an app that have a lot of icon libraries where you will be able to export a collection of mix & match icons (either the ones in the library or your own) into a set format in **font*** or **svg**.

Its the best place so far that I know off that enables you to compile all our icons onto one set of svg / font file.

*Font: Yes. I mean *font* as in the text we use. [Check out icon fonts](https://css-tricks.com/examples/IconFont/)

# Getting Started #

Since we will only use **SVG** from icomoon, this will only deal with SVG. The settings set when "generating SVG & more" in icomoon is as follow:

1.  **Class-prefix**:  icon-
2.  **Use class selector (instead of attribute selector)

The rest are as default.

The library that all the icons in this project is using is from the ***Entypo+*** library found in Icomoon itself.

# Import the current available Icons to Icomoon #

Yes. You can do that. How?

1. Import *selection.json* back to the IcoMoon app using the *Import Icons* button (or via Main Menu → Manage Projects) to retrieve your icon selection.

Why?

1. To add more icons into the project's icon pack!

# How is the Icon Pack used in the project? ##

Check out **/www/main-view/pre-index.html** at the end of the body tag under the 
```html
<svg> ... </svg>
```
tag.

The entire **svg** section is taken from **demo.html** file from *line 11* onwards* and then editted to make the entire svg block into 1 line.

# What Icons we have in the Icon Pack? #

Open **demo.html** in the browser to see the name available. 

# How to use the Icons in the icon pack? #

```html
<svg class="icon <icon-name>">
    <use xlink:href="#<icon-name>"></use>
</svg>
```

## Further info ##

Checkout the file **Read Me.txt**